Add PR reviewing instructions (#388)
COSIMA/cosima-recipes: docs/contributing.rst

Reviewing existing Pull Requests
--------------------------------

Another very useful way to contribute to COSIMA Recipes is to review `existing

> Pull Requests`. Even if you don't have a new workflow to propose to the world,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull Requests`_. Even if you don't have a new workflow to propose to the world,
```

Needs an underscore to be a link, I think?

Author: Probably! I am not so much into rst; I probably was writing with markdown in mind

button on every Pull Request: this lets you leave your feedback on a representation
of the notebook itself.

> Few points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tips for reviewing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> * Does the PR has a consise description at its first comment of the changes it proposes? If not, request for it.
> * Have a look at the proposed changes. Do they make sense?
> * Is the proposed code clean and clear?
> * Is the proposed changes documented or commented? Methods should come with docstrings. But also documentation in the form of Markdown surrounding code is very appreciated. We prefer documentation and code with variables and method names that are verbose and read like english. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does the PR have a concise description of the proposed changes? If not, request it.
* Have a look at the proposed changes. Do they make sense?
* Is the proposed code clean and clear?
* Are the proposed changes documented or commented? Methods should come with docstrings. But also documentation in the form of Markdown surrounding code is very appreciated. We prefer documentation and code with variables and method names that are verbose and read like English. As an example, we prefer the second of these two snippets:
```

* Are the proposed changes documented or commented? Methods should come with docstrings. But also documentation in the form of Markdown surrounding code is very appreciated. We prefer documentation and code with variables and method names that are verbose and read like English. As an example, we prefer the second of these two snippets:

> .. code-block:: python
>     def znl_mean(ar):
>         return ar.mean('xt_ocean')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    def znl_mean(ar):
        return ar.mean('xt_ocean')
```

Author: omg I couldn't make them to appear for 15min!

> .. code-block:: python
>     def zonal_mean(dataarray):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    def zonal_mean(dataarray):
```

I think these also need a blank line to separate from the rST metadata (otherwise it doesn't show up: https://cosima-recipes--388.org.readthedocs.build/en/388/contributing.html)

        Returns the (numerical) zonal mean of `dataarray`, i.e., its mean along latitude circles.

            Parameters:
                    dataarray (xarray.dataarray): An xarray dataarray

            Returns:
                    binary_sum (xarray.dataarray): The (numerical) zonal mean of `dataarray
        '''

        return dataarray.cf.mean('longitude')
     

* Ensure that the notebook runs! To do that:

> 
>   - Clone the repository or the fork that the PR was made from.
>   - Checkout the appropriate branch.
>   - Ensure that the notebook runs when a **new** kernel is launched. Ensure that all cells run in sequential orders and also that all cell outputs are evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Clone the repository or the fork that the PR was made from;
  - Checkout the appropriate branch;
  - Ensure that the notebook runs when a **new** kernel is launched. Ensure that all cells run in sequential order, and that all cell outputs are evaluated.
```
